Money is as good as I treat you
How dare I eat you climbing outside the stone
Stone I was wrong stone little brother
You bet him on glass slag just now
It's me and Wu Limin
He's betting he's worth 10 bucks on it.
If you lose, eat the glass
It's him who has to help prove that this thing is not worth it
Don't you follow me
I didn't know this stuff was so valuable
If this thing is really worthless
Will you spare me?
Willing to admit defeat
If you lose, you have to admit it
But let a woman eat it
That's not manly.
Qian Ru, since you are with him
Then it's up to you to take the old man
What?
I don't want anyone
Take him down here!
travel dodge
Wrong hahaha wrong
It smells like urine